Good morning family. I just wanted to
come on and tell you all some things
the Lord's put on my heart in prayer.
First of all, I've been reading the
comment section. There are so many of you
that are still talking about
addictions, and you are
saying, "Please pray for me for cigarettes
or alcohol,"or whatever; there's a lot
of things being said. So I want to help
you again.
Listen, Romans says faith calleth
those things that be not as though they
were. Call those things that be not as
though they were. Do you understand that?
Okay. So every time you go up to smoke
your cigarette, call yourself delivered
from nicotine
because you're using Romans:
"faith calleth those things that be not as
though they were,"and faith without works
is dead. Okay, so you've got to put your
faith into motion. You've got
to put your faith into motion working
this. You can't just sit there and rely
on going, "Oh God, I'm asking you just
to deliver me."We're calling those things
that be not as though they were, but
faith without works is dead.
You're activating your
faith like a muscle by quoting the
scripture at your problem, speaking to
your mountain, speaking to your
circumstances, calling those things that
be not as though they were. "I am
delivered from alcohol. I am delivered
from cigarettes."So every time you
have a temptation, every time you
have these cravings, say, "Thank you
Father. I thank you Father that I'm
delivered."I
use Romans, calling
those things that be not as though they
were. Right now I call myself delivered
from nicotine, I am delivered from
pornography, I am delivered from
whatever. It doesn't matter; nothing's
too big, nothing's too hard for
our God. You can call those things that
be not as though they were in every area
of your life. I call myself blessed, I
call myself healed, I am delivered. Now,
faith without works is dead. And if you
have a sickness, or a disease, or
some kind of whatever, start
activating it; start moving your body
around. There was a lady that was bound
by diabetes and she was
struggling with diabetes, and every
morning she woke up and she started
saying out of her mouth, "Faith calleth those
things that be not as though they
are,"and,
"I say I'm delivered from diabetes
in Jesus'name."She didn't stop taking her
medicine, she didn't stop giving
herself her insulin, but she kept
speaking to it. She kept speaking to the
circumstances. This is a true story. So
she'd
give herself the diabetic shot
in her stomach and she would do her
pills or whatever she would have to do,
and she would keep calling those things
that be not as though they were. And
every day she quoted that out of her
mouth. One day she started feeling so
sick she had to call the hospital
and the ambulance, and they came
and got her because she thought she was
dying; something was wrong. She went in
there and she did all the blood work, and
they checked her blood and everything
was... she thought, "Man, there's something
really seriously wrong."They said, "Why
are you taking diabetes
medicine?"She
goes, "Because I'm diabetic."They said, "Well,
you aren't. You're not diabetic
anymore."She
was completely healed by the
power of God and delivered, and all she
used was the word where faith
calleth
those things that be not as
though they were, and she kept speaking
that over her life. I call myself
delivered by the power of Jesus. I speak
to my circumstances of being bound by
whatever. It could be
overcoming cancer; I call myself
delivered from cancer. I call myself
delivered from asthma. I call
myself delivered from whatever, high
blood pressure. I call those things that
be not as though they were. The word will work if
you work it. Okay, I know it beyond a
shadow of a doubt. When you are
using your faith and you're calling
those things like what I'm talking about,
faith without works is dead,
and faith worketh by love. So you've got
to get out of strife if you want your
faith working. If you want the
mountain-moving
faith to be moving in your life,
you've got to walk in love;
you've
got to get strife out of your home
because faith works by love. If
your faith's not working, you've got to
make sure your love walk is right.
It's important because that's one of the
things that's going to help put
the power behind
what you're believing for. Getting love
is a priority.
I
always want to be one that is quick to
repent, always be one if I mess up and
I'm snipping at my wife, and I say, "You
know what? I shouldn't have done that. I
am sorry, honey."I want to be always quick
because when
you're in discord and you're not
in unity in your home, it blocks the
blessings. You want to be underneath the
blessing
flow; you've got to get sin out of
your life. The Lord told me, "Brandon, you
need to go and tell those people that I
am coming back for a purified people. You
need to tell them to start
believing."I
hear all these people say, "Oh,
there's grace, it's all underneath the
blood."Yes,
His grace is sufficient for me,
but the Bible says to work out our
salvation with fear and trembling. If
you are not trying to live a
repentant
lifestyle, if you're not living a
holiness lifestyle... yeah, well our
holiness is as filthy rags, but you
don't practice sin. If there's no
difference between you and the world, and
you're standing in a lineup like it
would be in a
jail
cell, could
we pick out the Christian in the lineup?
Are you able to be different from the
world, or are you smelling like the world?
That's what I'm trying to tell you all:
you've
got to have a difference. There has
to be a divine line so that if people are
walking by you, they see Jesus in you;
they don't go, "Well, he just looks like an
average person in the world."We need
to be a people that are standing
out for Jesus. We were driving, and
just like I do in the mornings
when I'm praying, I had it up loud. I
was listening to one of my mentors, my
prayer mentors, Gina, and
I was praying with her because she does a
Saturday morning prayer conference thing
every Saturday. I was
listening to that and I had it up really
loud in my car and I was praying in the
spirit really loud with her,
and all of a sudden, the guy beside us
started manifesting with devils. He
started growling and acting just way
absurd, just flipping out in his
car. The
demonic spirit was doing that through
the manifestation, I believe, of the glory
of God in our car because devils don't
start manifesting until they feel the
presence of God like that. They
start feeling the glory, they're going to
start manifesting. The glory of God
obviously was manifesting in our car
when I was praying in the spirit, and my son
was with me, and he looked over, and we
were both looking at that guy like,
"What is going on with
him?"But
he was going, and all of a sudden he just
stopped and he started looking at us and
just looking out the window, and I
thought, "What in the world?"because I
wasn't putting two and two
together that this guy's
having a demonic attack because of the
glory. I was driving and the Lord said,
"Brandon, do you not understand what's
going on?"He said, "The glory of
God is starting to be present,
son,"and
he said that stuff's going to start
happening all the time. In the book of
Acts, they would all bring out the
sick in the streets so that even the
shadows of Peter might come and touch
them. That's how much the radiated
presence of God was coming out of
him. That kind of presence can come out
of you. If you get yourself full of
the word of God, get yourself so full of
the Holy Ghost that when you go into
Walmart, or when you go into these places,
wherever you're at... in
Australia, I don't know where you all
shop, but or in Europe or whatever, you
can walk down the street and the power
of God be so strong coming out of you
that people are delivered.
That's the kind of stuff
I'm talking about for the end times;
that's the kind of stuff that's going to
be happening
soon. It could be happening now, but I'm
telling you, I'm believing for that:
the raising of the dead, the
casting out of devils, the healing
the sick, cleansing lepers,
whatever. The power of
God has come to set the
captives free, and he whom the Son
has set free is free indeed. If he set
people free back then in
the Bible, how much more will he do with
a greater covenant? Jesus was operating
in the Abrahamic covenant with all
power and authority given to him,
but he created the New Covenant for us
on the cross. He set us free by the power
of the blood of the Lamb, and you don't
have to be bound by anything. You
don't
have to be bound by addictions, you don't
have to be bound by sickness, you don't
have to be bound by poverty and lack, but
the Bible says that we have whatsoever
things we say. I'm telling you,
your tongue is powerful, and you
start speaking, calling those things to
be not as though they were over your
finances. You sow seed. I speak
to
my tithe all the time and my
offerings, and I say, "God, I thank you that
you said in Malachi that you rebuke the
devourer
for my sake, and I thank you, God, I
sow these seeds by faith
and I thank you Lord that you're turning
my situation around."You know what? A lot
of people think, "Well, it's just going to
happen."No,
faith without works is dead.
I want to tell you it like this: the
key to the miraculous is
obedience. Do what He tells you to do.
If He
tells you to do something in a Walmart
store, or
wherever,
you do it, and God's going to
start using you in a greater capacity
than whatever you could hope or
imagine. It's going to be
amazing, but you've got to start out
walking and doing it in faith. You can't
just sit there.
Be obedient and be
quick to obey. It's time
to believe the impossible; it's time for
you
to stretch out and believe
for the miraculous.
We're in the last of
the last days and there's going to be a
great shifting. Now, the Lord told me
again to talk to you about the
end-time
heart.
A lot of people in the comment section
say,
"Is there a revival before
Jesus comes back? Is there a revival
after he comes back?"Yes, both. God is a
God of souls; He wants everybody to be
saved. I just want to be on the first
round, y'all. I'm just telling you, you
don't want to be left here. Now, all these
people that say they're going
through tribulation, that's between you
and God. I'm not believing that, but
I'm
still believing for a Rapture of the
church. You quote all these
scriptures at me in the comment section
and tell me how I'm so wrong,
but
I'm standing
on my faith that I've not been appointed
unto
wrath and I'm going to go with
Jesus Christ. When he calls
me up, we're going for the Marriage
Supper of the Lamb. I've told you everything
I've seen, I told you about the
chip and everything that the
Lord has showed me. If you don't want to
believe that, that's fine, but I'm telling
you it's going to be hell on Earth, and
we are not going to be here for
it. He is not a wife
beater; God is not a wife beater and
we're His bride, we're His children.
The
judgment's coming and it's going to be
bad, and people are going
through a lot that don't get born
again. It's because they turned away from
God.
He said the
gospel
will
be
preached
throughout all the world and then the
end will come. So that tells me right
there that He's giving you the
opportunity to hear the gospel or He's a
liar, and He's not a liar.
You're having an opportunity
right now as we speak.
Jesus
loves you and He has a
plan for your life. He wants to heal your
body, He wants to save your soul,
but you have got to make
the decision. Make
Jesus Christ your pilot. Stop running
your life; it's messed up. You've
got all these problems, you're broke, busted,
and disgusted.
Let Jesus have the
steering wheel, folks, and let him take
the wheel. Like Carrie Underwood said,
"Jesus, take the wheel."Come on, let Jesus
take the wheel in your life. You have the
opportunity right now to turn your life
around. Call on him right now, repent of
your sins. Jesus wants the best for you.
And if you're here and
the Rapture's happened and
you're left, God have mercy on you.
You can still call out
to him. "God, forgive me
of my sins, write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life, wash me in your blood, I
need you."You can do that right now where
you're seated. He'll come to
you and He'll abide inside
of you. "If ye abide in me and my words
abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will
and it shall be
done."He'll
save your soul, but
you've got to believe it. You have to
believe that he that cometh to God must
believe that he is, and that he is a
rewarder of those that diligently seek
him. Don't keep practicing sin. Let me
tell you this: I saw one time I was
dealing with some sin
issues and I saw in the heavenlies a
great
courtroom. The Bible says that Satan
is the accuser of the brethren and he
was up there, and it was a great
courtroom.
I could see a great light on a
throne and I could hear Jesus, and he was
standing over here as the attorney, and
Satan was accusing. "See? He messed up
again. Now he's
opened the door, I can come in and rob
him of anything I
want."An
angel came down and he talked to me in
the spirit realm and he said, "See? He's
accusing you right now. Stop opening the
door for this attack. Stop it.
Make my job easier."He was begging me,
like, "Stop it."And I heard the Lord say...
I could see Jesus standing there
and I heard him say, "Brandon, take
communion quickly."So I went out and I
got my cracker and my juice and I
started taking it. I said, "Father, I take your
body, I thank you Lord, forgive me
of my sins, I've opened the door, I've
done these things and I
repent."I
started pleading the blood and Jesus
said, "See? He pleads the
blood. My blood speaks for
him."I
could see the blood and it was standing
for me. Jesus is your attorney.
Jesus is the one that was
rebuking the devil for your sake, and
he's standing in the courtroom
of Heaven standing in the gap for you,
calling out for the blood.
"Look at my blood, look at my
stripes, look what I've done."He is your
attorney in the courtroom and he's
saying, "My blood is sufficient for your
sins, my blood is sufficient for
everything that you have need
of."You
don't have to be bound by the
work of the devil; you can be free by the
blood of the Lamb. You just have to
receive it by faith.
He
stood in the gap for me, making
intercession for me, saying, "God, he
has
messed up,"and he was making
intercession for me. "Forgive him for he
knows not what he
does."And
he was
making intercession for you. If you're
one of His and you're a child of the
King, he's making intercession for you.
He's standing in the gap because He is a
good God, He's a faithful God. I'm
telling you that Satan is up there
looking just like he did with Job. "Look at all
those things that they're doing down on
the earth. Oh, he's opened the door
through fear. Let me go down there.
The reason You've protected him so
much, Lord... look, see God, You've protected
him so much, that's why he worships
You so much. But if You take that
covering off and let me do some things,
he'll curse You to
Your
face."Job
never did it. Remember
that Satan's still doing his old nasty
tricks: he tempts you to sin then he's up
there accusing you of doing what he
tempted
you to do. He's a piece of crap.
I'm just telling you, I've seen it all in
the spirit realm. I hope I didn't butcher
this story for what I saw in
the spirit realm, but I'm telling you
Jesus's blood is sufficient. He paid the
price for sin for you, and you
don't have to earn your salvation, but we
work it out by fear and trembling.
There's no way to earn it;
it's by grace, but you need to
press in by
getting in the word, going
to church, reading your Bible, and
doing what the Bible tells us to do.
Now I'm going to talk about the glory,
okay? Because the Lord told me to tell
you all about the outpourings again. There
is a ministry in Branson,
Missouri—I've
seen this ministry and what they're
going to do. It's Billy Brim. A lot of
people don't like it that she's a woman
minister, but I'm telling you one of the
first outpourings that happens will be in
Branson,
Missouri. I asked the Lord one time, I
said, "Lord, why is Branson, Missouri... why
did you show me that?"He said, "Because she
prays and is always talking about
the glorious church, talking about the end-time
outpouring,"and
he said, "Son,
I'm going... that's going to be a
hotspot
because of her ministry and her
granddaughter Hannah."I saw Hannah, I
saw her granddaughter in a massive
auditorium. It was a big theater in
Branson, and the Lord told me
they're believing me for this massive
auditorium convention center thing.
I saw the price, and he told me to
pray and call those things that be not as
though
they were, believing God for
financial breakthrough for them to be
able to purchase this theater. I saw
creative miracle power coming out of
there, massive amounts of healings 24/7
all the time, a revival
happening in Branson never stopping,
always people coming in getting healed
and going out.
One of the hotspots will be
Branson, Missouri. I've seen
the legs growing out, I've seen
people with no eyes having new eyes, I've
seen ears coming back, I've seen fingers
coming back full of great creative
miracles. This next revival
will be one of the great creative
miracle revivals we've ever known.
This will be the
miraculous beyond anything you can
comprehend. It's going to be something
that is going to be like a movie;
you're going to go, "Wow, this is
too good to be true,"you know? But that's
how amazing it's
going to be. So I just want to encourage
you today to believe
the impossible
and believe for creative
miracles and keep a smile on your face
and a song in your heart because Jesus loves
you so much. Thank you for watching this
and I hope this blessed you today. Have a
great day. Bye-bye.